# kaigym
# Project Name

About

MSport provides users with a convenient platform to browse available sports facilities, view their schedules, and make bookings directly from their mobile devices. Whether it's booking a tennis court for a friendly match or reserving a badminton court for a quick game, MSport simplifies the process and makes it accessible anytime, anywhere.

Features

Browse and search for available sports facilities
View detailed information and schedules for each facility
Make bookings for specific dates and times
Receive notifications and reminders for upcoming bookings
Manage bookings and view booking history

Demo



https://github.com/minhan21/kaigym/assets/50237901/767f8c3f-b26f-491d-8fce-2e00917513e5






## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Features](#features)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## About

A brief introduction to the project, including its purpose and any relevant background information. Explain what problem the project solves or what need it fulfills.

## Features

List the key features of the project. Include both high-level functionality and any specific features or capabilities that set the project apart.

## Demo

If applicable, provide a link to a live demo of the project or embed screenshots or videos to showcase its functionality.

## Installation

Provide instructions for installing the project, including any prerequisites or dependencies. Since the project is built with Expo, mention that Expo CLI needs to be installed globally.
Usage

To start using MSport, simply launch the Expo Go app on your mobile device and scan the QR code generated by Expo CLI when you run the following command:

bash
Copy code
expo start
This will start the development server and open the MSport app on your mobile device. You can then browse available sports facilities, make bookings, and manage your bookings directly from the app.

Contributing

Contributions to MSport are welcome! To contribute, follow these steps:

Fork the repository on GitHub.
Clone your forked repository to your local machine.
Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
Make your changes and commit them to your branch.
Push your changes to your fork on GitHub.
Submit a pull request to the main repository.
Please ensure that your code follows the project's coding standards and conventions. Include a detailed description of your changes in your pull request.

```bash

# Install Expo CLI globally
npm install -g expo-cli
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/minhan21/kaigym.git

# Navigate to the project directory
cd kaigym

# Install dependencies
npm install

